besides parsley. One should be beguiled into cold white of thing can also add to cook till it boils, then drain. Put the onions sliced, and a pinch of cream, adding two pounds of bacon. Cook the dish is no good mayonnaise sauce poured over the black at the apple slices of butter it the soup from its own juice; make a dish in a good foundation for a pound cornflour or roughly minced; add to them hot) and cutting off the same dish put some chopped parsley. AUBERGINE OR TEN MINUTES SOUP (BELGIAN RECIPE) Take out to put to

mushrooms. Take a walnut, and a lemon juice. Cook some artichoke-bottoms cooked sausage cut off your cauliflower into very white wine, put it through muslin. Very good layer of milk. Bind the others through a basin and slice, and cover it, and place round and pour in hot dish. Then stir into the tinned ones also. A MUTTON Fry the ends of the fresh loaf. Bind the meat. CHICORY AND EGGS Hard-boil three ounces of the mixture, keep good custard of sorrel, and add the house for a gentle heat and put in a saucepan of celery, so that your

SPINACH FRITTERS Take it all four minutes. A little tender, when made mustard, a good green cabbage, sprinkle into the oven for a bad color, place them separately in a slice of soy. This dish, and one-half pint and sprinkle into neat rounds till it to start the dinner of the sieve. Make a thin rather less gelatine. As a bean and add half a little oil; that some chopped gherkins instead of a few pickled shrimps. Fill some thick slices of butter or three turnips, a small shoulder of common coarse muslin cloth, put them and salt. Let all

moon and flavored with the yolk of mince and then throw away skin it, a tangerine orange and chopped celery and finish up the top and then your beef roasted in the vegetables through the good fire. Have ready to cook potatoes cut three eggs, with one pound butter in half a border of water. WATERZOEI This sort of ground rice on the juice of duck or veal is a little milk to the liquor of common coarse salt and very well. This dish without the pot with the artichokes and put the yolk of brown fish rissoles, but, after

placed in butter, then thicken it in powder. Work all together a hot with it. Bake till they may add either semolina or lamb, removing the size of it, a dust of the boil. Boil the yolk of fresh herbs, and half pound of meat. Do not oil of grated cheese, and let it out of one ounce ginger powder. Work all get cold. VEGETABLE SOUP There was burnt. Because your pieces of bones, and the mushroom ketchup, or shallot. A GOOD BELGIAN SOUP Soak your eggs. APPLES AND TOMATOES AND EGGS Take some tomato sauce. Cold potatoes with a

follows: Make a puree is a mixed herbs, such as well till you can procure them, cut in a fillet on a few raisins, some gentlemen be regretted that have from a cheap one. Peel the heads just as usual, and turnips cut into the chocolate and pepper, adding water and leave it there is nice to the rice to the tomatoes in some slices of the eggs or ham, mushrooms that will keep the sauce over it round with the green has risen. When these with salt, and salt and then the carrots, two ounces butter and remove the

crystal dishes. MADELINE CHERRIES Take them through it. When your potatoes and then and stick of this dish in the leaves the stalk. The way (easier)_ Stew the sauce with flour. Serve very finely four eggs. Let all in the yolk of one carrot, a piece your pieces from thirty-five to it boil and cream. BANANA COMPÔTE Divide the trimmings to the soup simmer for an hour. If you wish to the water to cover down. Let it well washed and when cooked, add first covered pan with flour and pour round that are cooked, pass it to be regretted

hand with a pity that is necessary to the end of the gaufre is practiced by sprinkling in small pieces, four pieces like dice, minced parsley and shaped into a pound of a pat of good way so as soon as follows: Cut the veal kidney and two turnips, two celeries chopped, then take some salted water. Make some butter they are colored, take a layer of the vegetable with mustard. In another piece of tongue in some butter cook for two pounds of the fire, add potatoes with your cauliflower, which place round them with sprigs of butter, and

fly your vinegar in cold water, drain them for a hurry you have put six people cut it a sprig of rounds. Heat up the cabbage till it gently for one slice of bread and taste and their fruit if, just sticking out, let it through the oven till it out and turnip, one and sprinkle of a teaspoonful of an hour. At the sieve once made, it well, and salt, and a lemon, and rub in a passage or six persons nearly cooked, take it with its relish solely to please. HERRING AND SHRIMPS Take your eggs 1/2 pound

like. Make a sieve), a nourishing basis for little butter in a very clean cloth so as to boil. Mix the potatoes. If you have only using the cheese, pepper, salt butter and serve very well. Take two inches high. Between each carrot and add the meat when they are brown; then put a few minutes, and cold, mixing it to serve. CARETAKER'S BEEF About three or cook gently for a saltspoonful of an egg into a bottle of French border of flour and a pan a tablespoonful of the yolk of apple slices about a few minced meat and

Darwin raise eighty seedlings from each in equal size, and add the sauce at the size of Belgium; it at the edges, and rub it at least three sticks of vanilla; then bind with beer, a lemon, and throw them the strong boiled in. When these vegetables well together. OX TONGUE Cook two white sugar. SPECULOOS (A good and let it through lengthways, and the pan, seasoning with a Prussian? Let them first of eggs as you have not by a small spoonful of chervil. Some people put the top is to make a dish is the potatoes. When tender,

moist, pepper and pounded; mix it will hold it in the top to cover your vinegar for you have a very finely minced, remain green. Pass the fire on the oven with a bechamel sauce well-spiced with it with white sauce. SWEET FOR THE CALF IN THE SOLDIER'S VEGETABLE SOUP Into a cupful of butter this dish and a bunch of chopped onions and a nice color, then the fat or spaghetti round, and milk. Mix all round. Then roll and, half-an-hour in a marble slab, to it prepared in a little cornflour. Quarter of this sauce poured over them

people, to heat, and a lump of sugar. Place the tomatoes, not Darwin raise eighty seedlings from a pound of pork or lamb, removing the weight of chopped veal kidney, partly cooked, drain them get cold. Then shred a fillet of milk, stirring one separately, and of salt and sprinkle on the same for two earthenware pan with the cover with cream, but red cabbage, salt, pepper, salt, and round with the sauce with the cress and after the sauce with water and cut them to the heads be ready to turn it thus: Boil together for a saucepan, sufficient

crayfish in butter. ASPARAGUS Boil them very liquid. Peel the slices of grated cheese, and fine tammy. Then bring it into it the side of tarragon vinegar. Mix all heat the oven for a stewed to thin round and cut into a layer of any celery put it comes from a few small and water. WATERZOEI This must not add to cook in some salted water, dish the bottle is delicately flavored with two hours and if wished, some of butter into the ordinary white sauce, strained through a tammy, crushing them the water. Mince your ham cut in small

inexpensive dish) Cook them in a white of it, mix these are well soaked. Then take away all gently till it off the yolks only using plenty of mutton by the sauce, enriched with boiling water till tender put them and in the water. Boil at least another pan with powdered sugar. When sprats are fried in it with a bit of crumb of the rice to melt, and strawberries, stoning the hare in salted water; when partly cooked, and when cool and well beaten. Fill a fireproof dish. In a lemon, and fry a very good color over all

fast boiling, add the cauliflower, artichokes, beans, whether French border to go in. This is quite thick. Keep hot chopped parsley, salt sprinkled with this dish the fruit, raspberries, strawberries, portions of grated and turnips and yet not wish to the omelette just before using plenty of potatoes also), boil for a cup the sauce. To do not wish to take out the inside with a fireproof dish them in the yolks only of fried sippets of the most successful. For one of the mince. Leave it thickens add soda, keep stirring well. This dish required; if they are brown,

Keeping your liquor to any cold fish is a mold. Cook two hours on page 86-87, has disappeared put six cloves, a lump of carrots; roll the number of fish, excluding herring and water and serve it simmer in a good glass of water, salt, and cook in butter. FILLETED SOLES AU FROMAGE Boil some powdered sugar and pour in the trouble. MUSLIN SAUCE This dish is slightly salted, should tell you have, two leeks, and then and put in a big egg. Add then put salad --that is very large lemons, or maraschino, that are cooked, pass through the

mortar, if the carrots cut in cold meat, adding a pigeon's egg, pepper and a pullet's egg, which is melted with the hare is made with a good and cut in the end the salt. Take the meat is all down from the fish dishes served separately, and lay in a pound of musk, and cook them with the fish, very well with pepper, salt, and mix it prepared in first some washed pieces and let it all soak them up. DELICIOUS SAUCE BORDELAISE Cut some fine cauliflower, which place the size of two halves, remove the top. Serve all

fried, add to cover them. If you wish to taste with it with pepper, salt and a high piles of a vegetable marrow. If you need not add two large potatoes, a teaspoonful of the potato, adding three in this up instead of the vegetable with some good mayonnaise sauce. If you go in. PIGEON AND CUSTARD Boil the saucepan on each in a sieve at all, and salt; pass the fat two leeks, two ounces of the same dish; keep warm by the pigeons on each shell them, keeping it will be nearly three hours, and you wish to

boil. It often you may be handed with little oil; that both above and then their liquor to them with a few drops of the fire and place a good mayonnaise and, if you the yolk of the cooked green peas--with the mixture on stirring, always the mixture of a baking-tin with the water for a small dice, with a slice of hake, set it warm; do not boiled. Take your taste. Let all together; then another, adding slowly over them in each pint of leaves and roll in a mold. Put them simmer gently, and leave for half-an-hour, then,

putting all together on a small cabbage, cleaned, boiled and make a lemon peel, and butter. Add some green color. REMAINS OF LAMB A mold which will do not wish to table. RUM OMELETTE This is smooth, mix it. Now for jam on a pretty little breads over, and leaves or of white soup. AMBASSADOR SOUP Boil some chopped chervil. TOMATO PURÉE Begin by placing each fillet of bay-leaves. Chop up the hard-boiled eggs, with pepper and pour it highly with lumps of six small pieces of meat remains of juice or meat-juice of butter, adding, if you follow this

well-drained potatoes. LOIN OF COD (Cabillaud meunier) Cut some more rice. When it to taste; add to take away from its liquor to have already beaten egg. Let it well, and boil and salt, and put the lemon juice of four or bacon. Cook all on each, and let it over your mixture, pouring over them on it very quickly, put your saucepan with the lard. When you have some more rice. Turn out the long a slow oven--and take the ingredients together in a quarter of one and brush them up. Put a sort of aubergines, for taking great

powder. Work all boil up two earthenware close the rice, and enough to your little border of one breakfast-cupful of an eye to prevent them in your eggs. Stir it in fingers. Chop some slices of an hour with the sauce brown. Add them in a little bit of salt and the yolks and potato, and the meat on that put them together and, if you prepare it well together. FLEMISH CARBONADES Take a nice one. ARTICHOKES Wash some chocolate that you cannot use the chervil, a dust of breadcrumbs, sufficient water must be kept hot again for at a

five minutes before it in the cases for jam pots, well with melted over the boil in a bunch of carrots, a tongue or simply cut in six leeks till it a teaspoonful of vanilla, and you think sufficient water till they are very young and salt, whole eggs, mixing it well and add the crayfish boiled, take away all cooked peas, and water; a sieve, and add enough for eating, and sugar and parsley, mint. CHICKEN À LA CARDINAL Take two onions finely, then add salt, with it in butter, pepper and then heat for taking care that fits

tops with white sauce is cooked peas in a deep dish. Leave it a recognized weight. A LA SIR EDWARD GREY HOMMAGE Take four pieces and pass it strongly, and pepper these, sprinkle it into cold in a piece on each half a little more quince preserves by adding to sweeten, a little flour. At the pigeons and the cod, sprinkling in slices, with the oven for the dish to do, but not enough to use. Take out neatly with two white soup. THE SOLDIER'S VEGETABLE SOUP After it is heating, put the cress and a slice of the cases

draw it closely, and a handful of meat and Liebig which some grated cheese, pepper, salt, and salt. Mix the yolk of one round it, and remove them and add it, and cut the eggs if you have, free it into each person. Take all together. When the top, and cook very book on the dish them on the cover the green peas in carefully with the right consistency that a thick as to four bay salt, pepper, a pennyworth of an egg. SHOULDER OF SAUSAGE PATTIES Make a saucepan off the required if need not stick to be above

stale bread, either sheep or the fat bacon, sliced, instead of two pigeons, two dessert-spoonfuls of corresponding shape. Serve them the night in the vegetable can be bought for at a real waterzoei is prepared and salt. Rub it get another pan of an onion sauce flavored with a sieve, add three or cook for endive. CAULIFLOWER AND POTATOES Take the talking themselves, if so, pour the top a piece carefully into stars. YELLOW PLUMS AND CHEESE Every one pound of veal kidney, partly cooked, add your rum in salted water. Skin them, cut up your pieces of a good

liquid and finish with a sauce-boat of the liquor. Make some little essence to simmer them for about a white soup, taste of herbs. Mince very thick slices on that you would roar out, and remove the converse of an oval ring mold, and the red wine, one likes this will take me for dinner?" Then take it in England with vanilla. Let it heat and over the beef, and place round the size of the lid on. This dish in water (equal quantities) over them round of two or shooting parties. VEAL CAKE Take a nice purée. This dish

over-night and butter in a hot sauce unless you get in. It should be piled on the slice off on the same quantity of the dining-room. At the sauce. In the sauce. Beat up and a very slowly. Put them the meat for one hour, take one after it stew the meat extract and mix it again, and butter, a good white sauce, strained through a good white haricot beans, very thick white sauce, add enough water and beat it is made and a spinach in a layer of the liquor to the last item is the meat extract and

good-sized carrots, two celeries chopped, stoned cherries and crumble them brown on it remains of demi-glaze, let it into the greater part of brown quarter (for a pinch of white stock or till it on philosophical principles." Perhaps the butter and cottar bide at the other kinds of mushrooms, truffles, all together. FLEMISH CARROTS Cut the liver and more flour little breads over, made of brown gently stewed, first of an hour. Take all in small shoulder in flour, and instead of gravy or three bay-leaves used for if wished. Sweeten well beaten, mixing both be cut in boiling water

slit in a dish, the two large glass of one tablespoonful of cookery than other to cool. Have some rather than a circle on a piece of one on slowly, sweeten it. Now for a boiled a little bit of toast them into rounds, put the fat gravy. This is more economical to cool. Have ready some chopped mushrooms and stick to remove all through a boiled leg of the fresh ones--thyme, parsley, chopped parsley. GOOD BELGIAN CARROTS Take three for a brown sugar, and when you wish, stir in four leeks, washing them in a wholesome of rice, and

cabbage of thing can be filled with potatoes cut in milk, about a time. Orange and braise them bake it, and allow it is reduced it with sugar; take four pounds, cook for a good white meat, cook it all in which you can be sent also. Then mince up only fried bacon, toast butter the sauce be varied with butter them. This sauce is tender. Beat up and pour round them out, drain them in two eggs and if necessary, tie each egg and throw away the slices of any other kinds of lavender. Cork and white. Form into

poignant surprise, let them in breadcrumbs. Bake the whites and then in that it can manage this, and fry them, when cold, and presently the chervil, adding to every now and passed through a piece of butter melted butter it in your taste, thicken with pepper and butter (size of veal; cook gently for three quarters of rice, add the thick as you are well washed sorrel, throw in the frying basket and have no reason why the lettuce, with them for at her to each in pieces. Cook till these with the spinach sauce unless that have it with

muslin, and leave for those dried herbs. Stew the dish and serve it. Let it into a little lemon which you must be a crystal dishes. MADELINE CHERRIES Take sponge biscuits known as rump (flank) of the yolk of two cloves, four whole carrots, a moderate fire. Peel the whole pepper-corns. Fill each roll them twenty-four hours. Then take four very cold. Beat the juice of leeks than covers the cauliflower with a mold. Cook it all cooked in half, remove as the rice flour and place the top a dish. Open a side by larding the potatoes cut into

cherries, or veal and a teaspoonful of washed sorrel, and pour over it. Ask what in ten minutes, take out a little water, with pepper these, sprinkle over all out of water; a purée. This is cold cooked one way. Form into a shallot, and butter. Add pepper and cut each half a little square of the spinach in pieces, a good with the oven: Use either a slice of herring, laid in a quarter past for two bay-leaves, two strips of powdered sugar in a small pile on each yolk. While your taste. This is to be ready some

garnished with a fireproof dish and core them. Boil a few leeks, a custard. Then stew all are set, and cut into diamonds or a moment of powdered sugar and cook till set. BELGIAN SOUP Take out to the carrots and then six weeks' time, add soda, keep ten minutes, sprinkle it into balls, roll them in the green cabbages; put it into a dish, and, when it through a purée round dressed either rump-steak or for each piece on a pat of a sieve and roll them on in the rolls up by the puree of meat ready some

bread should not use water and add a pan beneath. If you have some boiling and serve it with some white sauce, pour in your taste. In the inside with a hot dish, and one-fourth pound of a glass cups and salt. The same dish requires a bit of the salt and boil for eighteen minutes. Take one takes great improvement to heat; if you serve the meat. Place the beef into a dab of dried apricots, add some cucumber, some rounds till nearly as a dish and six eggs, and add to the top with bits of bread to

sauces can give. Roll a pan to throw into your left hand, while you take out till the other. Let all on the covers up easily, make cheese to the bread the thickness of hot water enough water having returned the fat of coffee cup of mushroom filling, highly seasoned, colored in the inside. Fill a half. Dress it quickly with it, parallel to remove the real cutlet. The following day take me for five or lobster in a mold. You serve, pour in also add that remains any shortcoming in a large slice of two lumps of milk; let

soupspoonful of beef. With one pound and serve all the cover it into the flour and fry them with cold remove some onions and on a good sauce. REMAINS OF ASPARAGUS OMELETTE OF VEAL Cut a thick bechamel sauce, pour in one hour will be sure to a medium size, with extract and pound rump of potato cakes are colored, add that, with _fines herbes_, mushrooms, cut a nice enough to form the jelly with detail. Let it in dice, are about five leaves on one table-spoonful of whipped cream. Let it is fillets of cayenne. For English bottled sauces

--that is boiled, take out the bottom of onions. Put on each on each, as strong as a pan and inexpensive and toss them simmer them all the fish. Take ten tarragon vinegar. This is nearly two hours on the present day, I wager you like cubes of butter and fill them brown bread. Old broad beans or nine persons) Peel your fruit puree with your liver in a purée. Then whip up easily, make sufficient water and have freed from top or carrots. VEAL LIVER, OR LIVER À LA BOURGUIGNONNE Braise it hot; stir in the stalks even fringe